Naruto sat on a rock waiting, getting as much nature energy as possible for Sage Mode. He could tell that Sasuke was on his way. He knew what he wanted, but Naruto was going to stop him at all costs. He could not let Sasuke destroy Konoha. Naruto pulled out a special kunai and turned around to block Sasuke's attack.

"So you knew I was coming," Sasuke said putting more pressure on his sword.

"Yes," Naruto said calmly. "And I will stop you."

"Do you still wish to bring me back?" Sasuke asked removing his sword.

"Yes," Naruto said standing. "You belong in Konoha. It's your home."

"Konoha will burn to the ground," Sasuke glared with his Sharingan. "But I will kill you first."

"I'm surprised Tobi, no, Madara let you go," Naruto said. "Or does he not know you are here?"

"I don't need his help," Sasuke snarled.

"I never said you did," Naruto said. "Just as I don't need their help." He pointed to the rest of Team Kakashi who appeared behind Sasuke.

"Then what are they here for?" Sasuke asked.

"If for some reason, Madara does show up, they are to hold him back for as long as they can," Naruto grinned. "Although, he did promise to let us fight."

"And you think he'll keep his promise?" Sasuke glared.

Naruto nodded. "He will. But if he does interfere, and they can't stop him. I will."

"If not, then you will die." Sasuke smirked. He lunged at Naruto with his sword. There was several clashes of metal as they swung at each other only to dodge or block the hits. When their weapons became useless, Sasuke began forming Chidori. He replaced his sword on his back making sure it didn't get in the way as he charged up his Chidori to its full power. Naruto summoned two clones. Still in Sage Mode, Naruto formed his Rasenshuriken. Both Sasuke and Naruto ran at each other. Just as their jutsus were about to collide, hands grabbed Naruto and Sasuke's wrists. Madara separated them.

"Don't interfere," Sasuke ordered.

"Foolish," Madara said. "I won't let this continue. This fight is over."

"Let go!" Naruto growled.

"Nine-Tails," Madara said calmly grasping Naruto's wrist tighter.

Sasuke smirked. He used his free hand to make another Chidori. Madara had to let them go and stepped back. His Sharingan spinned as he watched Sasuke slam his Chidori into Naruto's stomach. But since Naruto had called on the Kyuubi's power, the wound was already healing. Naruto called up a Rasengan and slammed it into the remaining chakra of the Chidori. Just as the collided, Madara's Kamui activated. However, since his Chakra was messed up due to holding back Sasuke's Chidori and Naruto's Rasenshuriken, a portal-like hole appeared under Naruto and Sasuke. Sakura watched in horror as purple, red, and blue chakra surrounded Naruto and Sasuke, freezing them to the spot. They screamed out in pain before falling to their knees, unconscious. The darkness below them consumed them and they vanished. Madara stood shocked, not knowing what just happened. Kakashi, and Yamato began to panic as Sakura cried out both Naruto and Sasuke's names. Sai stood confused. They watched the portal close. Madara shook his head them vanished. Sakura fell to her knees crying as Sai hugged her. Kakashi and Yamato looked at each other not sure what to do. The sat down besides Sakura and just waited.

Naruto feels himself falling but he can't stop himself. He sees the blackness fading as he opens his eyes. Awakening, he looks over to see Sasuke lying next to him. Naruto sits up, taking in his surroundings. He saw nothing similar, only him and Sasuke. He heard foot steps and turned to see a boy with black hair wearing glasses walk over to them.

"Are you ok?" the boy asked.

"Who are you?" Naruto asked. "Where am I?"

"Japan," the boy said. "And my name is Watanuki Kimihiro."

"Japan?" Naruto asked. "Never heard of it."

"You are not from here," Watanuki said. "And I'm guessing neither is he." He pointed to Sasuke.

"No, we're from Konoha," Naruto said. "I'm Naruto Uzumaki and the Teme is Sasuke Uchiha."

"I see," Watanuki said. "I'll take you to Yuko. She should be able to help you."

"How?" Naruto asked.